("How Bizarre" by OMC)
♪ Brother Pele's in the back,
sweet Zina's in the front ♪
♪ Cruisin' down the freeway
in the hot, hot sun ♪
♪ Suddenly red-blue lights
flash us from behind ♪
♪ Loud voice booming, please
step out onto the line ♪
♪ Pele preaches words of comfort,
Zina just hides her eyes ♪
♪ Policeman taps his shades,
is that a Chevy '69 ♪
♪ How bizarre ♪
♪ How bizarre, how bizarre ♪
♪ Destination unknown, as
we pull in for some gas ♪
♪ A freshly pasted poster
reveals a smile from the past ♪
♪ Elephants and acrobats,
lions, snakes, monkey ♪
♪ Pele speaks righteous,
Sister Zina says funky ♪
♪ How bizarre ♪
♪ How bizarre, how bizarre ♪
♪ Ooh, baby ♪
♪ It's making me crazy ♪
♪ Every time I look around ♪
♪ Look around ♪
♪ It's in my face ♪
♪ Ring master steps up and
says the elephants left town ♪
♪ People jump and jive, and
the clowns have stuck around ♪
♪ TV news and camera,
there's choppers in the sky ♪
♪ Marines, police, reporters
ask where, for, and why ♪
♪ Pele yells, we're outta
here, Zina says, right on ♪
♪ Making moves and starting grooves ♪
♪ Before they knew we were gone ♪
♪ Jumped into the Chevy
and headed for big lights ♪
♪ Wanna know the rest? ♪
♪ Hey, buy the rights ♪
♪ How bizarre ♪
♪ How bizarre, how bizarre ♪
♪ Ooh, baby ♪
♪ It's making me crazy ♪
♪ Every time I look around ♪
♪ Look around ♪
♪ It's in my face ♪
("How Bizarre" by OMC)
♪ Ooh, baby ♪
♪ It's making me crazy ♪
♪ Every time I look around ♪
♪ Look around ♪
♪ It's in my face ♪
♪ Ooh, baby ♪
♪ It's making me crazy ♪
♪ Every time I look around ♪
♪ Look around ♪
♪ It's in my face ♪